It is characterized by permanent
competitive premium one
customer-oriented service and one
transparent and useful communication
the change to battery will be online
graduation as comfortable as ever
none of them yet
basic insurance had like
for example, newborn or
Return to Switzerland can be
insure at any time Atouba basic
all others at the beginning of the year
it only takes a few clicks
the rest is done april open in
a new browser window online
premium calculator on abo private point ch
Give your birth year yours
postal code and her gender
and choose the insurance model that
please them now
Calculate what your monthly premium
in seconds on the screen
Now you can see the annual rate
adapt to your wishes accordingly and
If desired, the accident cover
exclude
Of course, you can do more in advance
details about the individual
Insurance models and savings options
download or get from atupri
advise directly by phone or online
to let
press to confirm your entries
then on
You are now asked for the date of birth
to specify and give her full name
enter then press again
Further, an overview appears
where they are displayed in detail
With what options do you save yours
premium can continue to reduce
click on the desired option
or the desired monthly premium and
then press on again
Now you only have to complete your final exam
address phone number and e-mail address
Enter and complete online
Press the online degree will now
they give their current
At the insurer, they cross the
Declaration of Conformity and terminate it
the registration in the on you
Press Online
it now appears a field that she
finally have to confirm with ok
april then sends you an e
mail confirmation and that already
complete in her name
notice letter to her old one
health insurance if you are until mid november
Complete online is guaranteed
that the change on time for the beginning
next year